1. To create virtual environment: python -m venv jarvis-env
2. To activate virtual environment: & D:\jarvis-bot\jarvis-env\Scripts\Activate.ps1  
3. To run main file: D:\jarvis-bot\jarvis-env\Scripts\python.exe D:\jarvis-bot\main.py


Android mobile automation commands:
1. AVAILABLE DEVICES command: adb devices
2. CALL command: adb shell am start -a android.intent.action.CALL -d tel:+91xxxxxxxxxx
3. TAP command: adb shell input tap x y
(x, y - co-ordinates of the app on mobile screen you want to open)
4. INPUT command: adb shell input text "kushal%shello%sI%sam%sJarvis"
5. KEY EVENTS: adb shell input keyevent 3


Important Notes:
1. Always run the main.py in virtual environment.
2. Change the interpreter in command palatte after creating virtual environment.
3. For android mobile automation, best practice is to connect your laptop and phone with USB cable.


Tech Used:
1. We used Eel package of python to connect frontend and backend.
2. We used textillate.js for text animation.
3. We used bootstrap for styling and icons.
4. We used particle.js for jarvis animation.
5. We used kopiro github repo for siri-wave animation.
6. We used pygame package of python for opening sound effect.
7. We used pyttsx3 package of python for text to speech conversion.
8. We used SpeechRecognition and PyAudio packages of python for speech recognition and convert the speech to text.
9. We used pywhatkit package of python for adding applications as commands to be opened.
10. We used sqlite3 database for storing application commands.
11. We used pvporcupine(1.9.5) package of python for hot word detection like to listen specific keywords.
12. We used pyautogui package of python for shortcut and whatsapp automation.
13. We used multiprocessing package of python for multi-threading.
14. We used hugchat package for integrating AI feature.
15. We used Cookie-Editor chrome extension to get the login details of Hugging Face.
16. Current model of Hugging Face being used - meta-llama/Llama-3.3-70B-Instruct.
17. We used ADB(Android Debug Bridge) command line tools for mobile automation.